The face is not shown in any of the cameras.
All right. Get that out of the way.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
What is this?
("Murder of an Old Money's Mistress")
Okay.
I got you.
(Gangdong Precinct)
Hey, Kim Dong Bae.
What happened to our case?
What do you mean?
Haven't you seen the internet news?
- The suspect's name went viral. - Pardon?
He once was a hot shot current news journalist in a major agency.
He's known as the Untouchable, who knows no morals of the trade.
He kept messing things up wherever he went...
and lost his ground at the agency.
Now, he's the chief editor for a third-tier agency.
Seriously.
Taeha is the only group that starts with T among the top 10 companies.
Besides, it says, "The director of the Strategy and Planning Team,"
Mr. K, won the Entrepreneur of the Year in 2015."
This journalist practically gave his real name to the viewers.
Shoot.
He wrote about the relationship between the victim and Kang In Ho...
and even our investigation in detail as if he watched everything happen.
What? What is it?
Are you sure you didn't slip out?
Have you gone mad?
You must be aware of the online article.
We had nothing to do with it either.
I doubt that. The summary of the investigation was very clear.
Sue us for compensation if necessary then.
Right. We'll finish our first investigation tomorrow...
and hand over the case file to the prosecution.
Joon Hee.
I know you are in there.
Please open up.
You're the only one...
who can help In Ho.
- Why is she doing this? - You must've known it too.
- In Ho took good care of you. - Please. Please.
When he looked out for you,
I asked him...
- why he looked out only for you. - No.
In Ho.
He said that...
even though you were his friend, he saw you as his younger brother.
In Ho.
He told me...
that he felt sad and sympathized with you.
That's why he felt compelled to take care of you.
Joon Hee.
Please help In Ho. Please?
You stupid...
You stupid moron.
That's ludicrous.
Where are you now?
Hi. Hello.
I'm on my way to the precinct.
Joon. Joon Hee.
Why don't you meet me first?
Let's meet and talk first.
Talk about what?
That we will frame In Ho for the murder?
If it's that, I don't want to.
Joon Hee. Joon Hee.
You know that he didn't kill her.
You, Bum, and I all know that.
Then we'll end up taking the fall for it.
I didn't kill her.
You and I are in the same boat.
Then what are you afraid of? Why are we framing In Ho for the murder?
We can tell the police, and they can find the real murderer.
We abandoned the body. We did it together. Did you forget?
My company went public only a while ago.
What if people found out that the CEO is involved in a murder?
It won't hurt just me.
What about you?
What about your father, who treats his reputation like his life?
What about your hospital?
You... You want to frame our friend...
just to cover up our crime?
I can't do that, Tae Suk.
This isn't right.
(Myoungseong Theological University)
What is it?
Hey, that lunatic, Joon Hee is on his way to turn himself in.
This is very bad.
I tried to talk to him on the phone and stop him,
but he won't listen.
Okay.
Gosh, this crazy jerk. Seriously.
Mr. Kim? This is an emergency.
There's a matter you must take care of now. Get going. Okay.
Yes, Joon Hee.
In Ho...
will get out.
Sorry?
Joon Hee, what do you mean?
In Ho...
didn't do anything.
You must believe that.
Please elaborate on what you just said.
In Ho didn't murder her.
Are you saying that you know who killed Mi Jung?
No. I don't know who killed her.
Please tell me what's going on.
No. Where are you now? I'll come to you.
(Gangdong Precinct)
Right now,
I'm in front of the precinct to see In Ho.
I will...
prove his innocence.
send In Ho back home.
Just know that, okay?
Bye now.
Joon Hee. Joon Hee.
(Unprotected)
Young.
Kang In Ho will be handed over to the prosecution tomorrow.
That's great news.
Great.
By the way, did something happen outside? Why is it so noisy?
Oh, that? A crazy jerk caused a car accident...
and fled after leaving behind the vehicle.
What kind of lunatic would cause a commotion in front of a precinct?
It could be about money. He crashed into the other guy's vehicle,
got on the car, and drove away.
- It's a country of the outlaws. - I agree. My goodness.
Gosh, my worries about my country ages me. Seriously.
Ms. Choi, this is Na Ra.
I was about to call you anyway.
Could it be...
Yes, I think it'll get sent to the prosecutor tomorrow.
Yes. I'm going to see In Ho about that now.
Okay. I just left to head that way too.
I just spoke with Joon Hee.
What did he say?
He said In Ho is innocent,
and that he's heading to the police station now.
Did he say he knew who the killer was?
I don't think so.
Let's talk more at the police station.
Okay.
Drink some water if your throat's dry.
If you didn't do it, you should eat and drink more,
so you can prove your innocence.
Do you have any more questions?
I heard you haven't drunk a drop of water in three days.
I called you here so that you could eat comfortably.
I heard the prosecutor is taking over the case.
It would've been nice if you had confessed,
but we found evidence.
Wait.
But I didn't kill her.
What evidence?
Kang In Ho's lawyer is here.
She wants to see him.
What do you mean?
Who proved Kang In Ho's innocence?
No one came to see you? Really?
No, no one.
Let me make a call.
- I'm here. - Hey.
So what's his friend's name again?
Seo Joon Hee, from Daemyung Hospital.
Daemyung Hospital. Seo... Seo Joon Hee.
Kim Hak Bum and Seo Joon Hee?
How do you know Hak Bum?
No wonder. I thought the name, "Kang In Ho", sounded familiar.
Anyway, Joon Hee said he'd clear my husband's name,
and that he was in front of the police station.
They haven't changed...
even after 10 years.
What do you mean?
I can't give you the details,
but let me tell you this.
Just know that you won't get your way this time.
You threw your money around...
and strong-armed people with your power,
so it was a piece of cake to make your wrongdoings...
disappear into thin air,
but not any longer. Why not?
Because I didn't get older only, but I've become experienced too.
What do you...
Hold on. I'll go.
Excuse me. Detective Dokgo.
You'll just ignore this reasonable doubt?
There was reasonable doubt nine years ago.
Once again, they must think if they use what they have...
to cover up their poop,
no one will see it,
but what about the smell?
I don't know what happened nine years ago,
but it isn't right to be prejudiced because of that.
Do you even know...
what those jerks did while relying on their parents' money and power?
Forget even reaching a trial.
That stupid law that wags its tail in front of money and power?
- That's all garbage. - You're right.
You're right. It's true that the law is tolerant toward money and power.
Nonetheless, a police officer...
must treat everyone equally.
Reverse discrimination is just as cowardly as discrimination.
You're such a good person.
This loser will continue being a coward.
Please pick up, Joon Hee.
You can't reach him?
[VIU Ver] E06 Return "I'll Tell Them the Truth"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(Na Ra)
If I throw several at once,
one of them has to hit.
Darn it.
Shoot.
The air is so nice.
You're both insane.
Wasn't dumping the blame on In Ho bad enough for you?
Were you planning to kill me too?
That's not it. We were desperate. This was the only way to stop you.
I'll tell the truth that In Ho didn't kill Mi Jung.
No. We don't know. I really don't know!
What if he did do it?
What if he's the one trying to frame us for what he did?
That's why I want to find out the truth!
Stop making me repeat myself! What about us then?
Still, this is wrong.
Then what?
One mistake like this was enough.
I don't want to do it again.
Hey...
Did you have a good talk with Tae Suk?
Give me my keys.
What? What do you want to do?
Give me the car keys.
Bum. Take his keys.
What? Your talk didn't go well?
Let go!
What are you doing? Take his keys!
Shoot!
Get over here. Come on. Let's talk.
- Let go! - Get over here!
Stay still, will you?
- Let go! - Hey!
- Come on. - Enough.
Just take his keys!
Help me out!
I only told you to just take his keys!
- What's wrong with you? - Hey, Joon Hee. Hey.
- Hey. - Hey.
- Gosh. Stay still. - You jerk!
- Shoot! - Hey.
Hey.
You crazy jerk.
Hey!
Shoot.
Have you lost your mind?
This jerk...
Joon Hee.
Joon Hee!
Forget it.
I don't think anyone's home.
We've been at it for almost 40 minutes now.
I don't hear anything.
I don't know what's going on. After he called...
I can't understand what's going on.
Is Joon Hee...
really dead?
Just stay still.
I told you to control your temper, didn't I?
Do something about it.
Whatever. You clean up your own mess...
from now on.
Am I the only one who will go down then?
Come on, Tae Suk.
Come on, you punk. You're smart, aren't you?
Hurry. Hurry up, and do something.
I'm really...
Do something about him.
Let's abandon him.
Where are we going?
Shut it, and just follow me.
I'm following because you said so,
but can't you just tell me what your plan is first?
I'm scared, Tae Suk.
Hey, this is your mess. Stop whining.
Okay. I got it.
I'll just do as you say.
We'll go to a place without any surveillance cameras.
So keep your distance, and follow me.
Shoot. I heard it's going to rain soon.
Consider yourself lucky.
How could raining be lucky for me?
I'm scared to death.
I was a fool trying to talk to you.
Forget it. Bye.
You're distracting me from driving.
His body in the back scares me enough already.
Joon Hee.
Joon... Joon Hee, can you hear me?
Bum.
I'm following you. Stop worrying about me.
Right now,
- Joon Hee... - What about him?
Joon Hee...
You're both insane.
Wasn't dumping the blame on In Ho bad enough for you?
Were you planning to kill me too?
That's not it. We were desperate. This was the only way to stop you.
I'll tell the truth that In Ho didn't kill Mi Jung.
What about Joon Hee?
Joon Hee had been going through a lot for all this time.
Maybe it might be better this way.
My gosh.
You're right. It's true that the law is tolerant toward money and power.
Nonetheless, a police officer...
must treat everyone equally.
Reverse discrimination is just as cowardly as discrimination.
Anyway, Joon Hee said he'd clear my husband's name,
and that he was in front of the police station.
Oh, that? A crazy jerk caused a car accident...
and fled after leaving behind the vehicle.
- Is it ready? - Gosh, do you know what time it is?
I'm sorry. This case is urgent.
You wanted to check the CCTVs in front of the precinct, right?
It was about 10:30am.
(For visiting police officers)
Why didn't you answer your phone if you were at home?
I should be asking that question. What brings you here at this hour?
I called you to check a few things, but you didn't answer.
I tried to enlarge the photo, but the face is blurry.
This is Joon Hee. It's his car too.
What... What happened?
There has been an accident in front of the precinct.
Seo Joon Hee tried to make a U-turn to drive into the precinct.
That guy in the photo crashed into the vehicle on purpose.
As you can see, the guy who took Seo Joon Hee...
was wearing a hat and a mask to conceal his face,
so I couldn't identify him.
He prepared himself for the CCTVs.
Tae Suk. Tae Suk.
I... I can't move my body.
Where am I?
Hey, Joon Hee. We are...
We are going home.
Please endure the pain for a bit.
But why are you crying?
Joon Hee.
I'm sorry.
Shoot.
Tae Suk, please give me your jacket.
I feel so cold.
Okay, Joon Hee. It will be short.
You will feel better soon.
Tae Suk.
Are you sure there isn't any way for you to identify the man?
The vehicle the man drove is an untraceable vehicle. I doubt it.
Who could have taken him?
What are you going to do now?
Let's push them off.
Off the cliff.
You want to push Joon Hee and the car...
Are you saying we should push them off the cliff?
What else can we do?
We don't have time.
Do it now.
If I start having second thoughts,
I could go to the police.
Move it!
Tae Suk.
Push it!
How...
Tae Suk, I can't do this.
Tae Suk.
Push!
- I'm so sorry. - Joon Hee!
I'm so sorry.
If everything you told me is true,
you must find Mr. Seo Joon Hee to clear Mr. Kang's name.
Push!
(Return)
We can't undo what's already been done.
Let's create an alibi.
I won't lose you guys this time.
I'll uncover everything you jerks did.